Content Security Policy of your site blocks some resources
Some resources are blocked because their origin is not listed in your site's Content Security Policy (CSP). Your site's CSP is allowlist-based, so resources must be listed in the allowlist in order to be accessed.

A site's Content Security Policy is set either via an HTTP header (recommended), or via a meta HTML tag.

To fix this issue do one of the following:

(Recommended) If you're using an allowlist for 'script-src', consider switching from an allowlist CSP to a strict CSP, because strict CSPs are more robust against XSS. See how to set a strict CSP.
Or carefully check that all of the blocked resources are trustworthy; if they are, include their sources in the CSP of your site. ⚠️Never add a source you don't trust to your site's CSP. If you don't trust the source, consider hosting resources on your own site instead.
2 directives
Learn more: Content Security Policy - Source Allowlists
Content Security Policy of your site blocks the use of 'eval' in JavaScript`
The Content Security Policy (CSP) prevents the evaluation of arbitrary strings as JavaScript to make it more difficult for an attacker to inject unathorized code on your site.

To solve this issue, avoid using eval(), new Function(), setTimeout([string], ...) and setInterval([string], ...) for evaluating strings.

If you absolutely must: you can enable string evaluation by adding unsafe-eval as an allowed source in a script-src directive.

⚠️ Allowing string evaluation comes at the risk of inline script injection.

1 directive
Source location	Directive	Status
Class.js:22	script-src	blocked
Learn more: Content Security Policy - Eval
Incorrect use of <label for=FORM_ELEMENT>
The label's for attribute doesn't match any element id. This might prevent the browser from correctly autofilling the form and accessibility tools from working correctly.

To fix this issue, make sure the label's for attribute references the correct id of a form field.

2 resources
Learn more: The label elements
No label associated with a form field
A <label> isn't associated with a form field.

To fix this issue, nest the <input> in the <label> or provide a for attribute on the <label> that matches a form field id.

5 resources
Learn more: The label elements
Page layout may be unexpected due to Quirks Mode
One or more documents in this page is in Quirks Mode, which will render the affected document(s) with quirks incompatible with the current HTML and CSS specifications.

Quirks Mode exists mostly due to historical reasons. If this is not intentional, you can add or modify the DOCTYPE to be `<!DOCTYPE html>` to render the page in No Quirks Mode.

3 elements
Learn more: Document compatibility mode